good morning it's december
12 2020 and it's a saturday
here in l.a another cloudy start
very still right now
about 48 degrees fahrenheit 9
celsius today
i'm thinking about the number
of the day and getting ready to pick
that number
i've got my hat
and i'm going to be
picking the number soon
i may get a couple of cups of coffee
first
i'm wondering what the number of the day
will be
i hope it's a good one
should be going up to around
66 degrees fahrenheit this afternoon
about 19 celsius
and we will be having clouds
but by mid morning
we should also be seeing some
beautiful blue skies and golden sunshine
all along the way everyone
[Music]
have a great day